hello everybody this is Berg back coming
to you with another starcraft 2
commentary in today's matchup we will
have hope torture also known as into the
rainbow spawning as the blue Terran
going against his archrival from the gsl
fruitdealer spawning as the Reds urgh
and you might know him as cool formerly
of ogs now going to TSL and of course
I'm saying rematch because these guys
were in the finals together from gsl
season 1 of course fruitdealer here
going ahead and beating hope torture he
is now going as of into the rainbow is
now called hope torture so I'll just be
calling him cope torture from now on
I'll be calling a cool mainly fruit
dealer from now on as well because
that's pretty much what we've been
hearing from gsl and from artosis and
tasteless so I'm going to kind of going
with that and and we'll just be going
with that as we go on here in future
games just so just so that's clear here
and also if anybody can translate what's
going on in the chat I would be much
appreciated as I'm sure everybody else
that's watching this video would
appreciate as well so we'll see if hope
torture can do anything to come back of
course in the gsl fruitdealer here was
did beat hope torture in this round of
the game and looks like the fruit dealer
going for that expansion of course
that's token for the Zerg player going
for that fast expand and it looks like
now fruitdealer now going across to to
scope out and see what's going on
sending that first that first over lured
down here to this zone laga tower just
to kind of get my of what's going on
here and it looks like hope torture
bringing racks at the bottom of the ramp
building up at the bottom going to
probably look at choking this off a
little bit here as well so it's a it's a
pretty good plan right there of course
leaving this wide open to a zerg attack
not sure if that might be the best move
but of course this is korea so they are
into the snow
any little plays and we do see a gas
coming out here of course not mining any
gas right now going for that command
that orbital command and we look at the
the hatchery here coming up almost ready
about eighty percent done and just fruit
Taylor's is coming out scoping out the
field yet again he does see what's going
on down here does see a command center
being built to just kind of wall off
this ramp and this poor little SUV just
kind of coming down and and stop and not
being able to do anything looks like
he's going for another racks you have
them that racks at the top of the wall
off here and just kind of just sitting
pretty here inside of his base not doing
a whole lot of aggression just kind of
building up a one marine going to go
after this overlord just push it out so
he doesn't get any view towards your
going let's push them back and again the
dis hatchery now producing a queen we
don't see a whole lot coming out of
either player right now we do it no
metabolic boost coming out of that
spawning pool just one gas we are just
starting to get gas out and it looks
like just starting to get ready to
saturate this expansion as well so again
fruitdealer just getting a nice little
bit of vision seeing what was going on
seeing that command center so we'll
probably see this move over soon enough
probably see an orbital command being
build up from him maybe yeah there we go
overall command now being filled up
going for another rack so we're already
at three racks for hope torture it's
going to start pushing out with a bunch
of Marines or maybe yeah we get this
reactor on this one tech lab going for
the stim pack on those Marines might see
some rotters coming out soon enough with
that the metabolic boost coming out for
fruitdealer as well so we're a little
over halfway there going to be coming up
rarely soon it looks like hope torture
just coming in here just getting ready
to scat out and see what's going on see
what's being billed up just sees that
one spawning pool of course no units
really being built here we do have a
family mess coming in looks like yeah
it's only out expansion pretty well
hidden from hope torture right now
so the outcomes of zerglings certainly
starting to push up through look at that
metabolic boost almost ready we're going
to start seeing these guys speed up soon
enough as as as that metabolic boost
finish this up there yeah there we go
look at those throw like on crack
starting to move up fast enough just
getting ready into a nice aggressive
position the baneling nest almost ready
to be fully done and looks like starting
to come up we do have osc bees coming at
a nice a little bit they're forcing the
hand bringing fruit dealer back a little
bit banelings being form now going to be
really nice to get in that bio ball as
we start bringing them in of course I
don't know if torture knows about this
torture has no idea that it's coming he
hasn't scouted that expansion at all and
Bailey's oh look at look at this massive
amount we've got 32 zerglings in there
with eight banelings starting to push in
oh here we go incoming oh my goodness
all these zerglings and families can be
in pushing hope torture back hope
torture stimming up running away hey
trying to get out of there but it looks
like it's lights out for hope torture
act has these zerglings and Bailey's
just start coming in and tearing up the
the income for hope torture and it looks
like that might just be lights out this
is Helene a little to Lake and it
definitely beat outnumbered by all these
org links you're just kind of sitting
pretty as yeah here we go the heli just
really quickly goes down there it's a
really really aggressive move as we see
more circling just coming down it's like
a wall of zerg just coming straight down
a massive cloud of circles just coming
in and I don't think hope torture has
anything to do with this I mean he's not
coming nothing in coming here in come to
have 42 a thousand and there we go it
looks like it looks like hope torture
concedes and leaves the games a really
fast aggressive game fruitdealer just
putting on the pain with the zerglings
and with the banelings that that double
combination there really showed
progressive there with another hatchery
coming down get ready to bring out even
more zerglings so he looked like he was
really committed to that build so there
we go nice little rematch of course
fruit dealer
showing him that he still has what it
takes on this map to go against a turn
so I congrats to fruit dealer please
make sure to subscribe please make sure
to leave any kind of feedback down below
and we'll see you guys next time take
care